We would like to invite you to participate in this research project directed by researchers at UCL. You should only participate if you want to; choosing not to take part will not disadvantage you in any way. Before you decide whether you want to take part, it is important for you to read the following information carefully and discuss it with others if you wish. Ask us if there is anything that is not clear or if you would like more information.
 
DETAILS OF THE STUDY
This study investigates how people make decisions in public transport. If you agree to take part, you will be asked to choose between two alternatives of transportation to travel between a certain origin and destination. First, you will watch animations of trips on certain routes. Second, you will be asked to choose what route you prefer. Third, you will watch some trips of your preferred route. There will be two main blocks of these sort of decisions. We are interested in what factors people rely on to make these travel decisions.
 
DATA STORAGE
Your data will be kept alongside your name in a secure database, to which only the researchers have access. This is so that the researchers are able to compare any data previously collected from you with current data if necessary, and for studies that run across several sessions. Once all the data has been analysed it will be anonymised and it will not be possible to identify individuals. Any publications arising from the data will ensure anonymity of all participants. All data will be collected and stored in accordance with the data protection act 1998. If you withdraw from the study before completion, your data will not be used.
 
CONSENT
It is up to you to decide whether to take part. If you choose to take part, you will be given a copy of this information sheet and asked to read and sign a consent form. Even if you agree to take part you are still free to withdraw at any time and without giving a reason. If you choose not to participate, you will not incur any penalties or lose any benefits to which you may have been entitled. If you have any questions about this information sheet or the study, please feel free to raise them with the researcher. After the research is complete, you will receive a debriefing form indicating the purposes of the study, and a copy of the final report will be available for any participants who wish to see it.
 
By checking the box below, you confirm that: I understand the experiment, that my participation is voluntary and that I am free to withdraw without giving any reason, and without my medical care or legal rights being affected. I confirm that I am over 18 over years of age.
